[static buzzing]
[button clicks]
♪♪♪
♪ Saying I love you ♪
♪ Is not the words I
want to hear from you ♪
♪ It's not that I want you ♪
♪ Not to say but
if you only knew ♪
♪ How easy ♪
♪ It would be to show
me how you feel ♪
♪ More than words ♪
♪ Is all you have to
do to make it real ♪
♪ Then you wouldn't
have to say ♪
♪ That you love me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd already know ♪
♪ What would you do ♪
♪ If my heart was torn in two ♪
♪ More than words
to show you feel ♪
♪ That your love
for me is real ♪
♪ What would you say ♪
♪ If I took those words away ♪
♪ Then you couldn't
make things new ♪
♪ Just by saying I love you ♪
♪ La di da, da di da,
di dai dai da ♪
♪ More than words ♪
♪ La di da, da di da ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Now that I've tried to ♪
♪ Talk to you and
make you understand ♪
♪ All you have to do
is close your eyes ♪
♪ And just reach
out your hands ♪
♪ And touch me ♪
♪ Hold me close,
don't ever let me go ♪
♪ More than words ♪
♪ Is all I ever
needed you to show ♪
♪ Then you wouldn't
have to say ♪
♪ That you love me ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd already know ♪
♪ What would you do ♪
♪ If my heart was torn in two ♪
♪ More than words
to show you feel ♪
♪ That your love
for me is real ♪
♪ What would you say ♪
♪ If I took those words away ♪
♪ Then you couldn't
make things new ♪
♪ Just by saying I love you ♪